(DOCSP-26590): Flutter model data section (#2307)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/flutter/model-data.txt

Realm Database applications model data as objects composed of
field-value pairs that each contain one or more supported data types.

Realm Objects
-------------

Realm objects are regular Dart classes that you can interact with like any other
Dart class in your application. The Flutter SDK memory maps Realm objects directly
to Realm Database. You can work with Realm objects as you would any other Dart object instance.

Every Realm object conforms to a specific **object type**, which is a class
that defines the properties and relationships for objects of that type.
The SDK guarantees that all objects in a realm conform to the schema for their object type
and validates objects whenever they are created, modified, or deleted.

To learn more about defining Realm objects, refer to
:ref:`Define a Realm Object Schema <flutter-define-realm-object-schema>`.

Realm Object Properties
-----------------------

When you define your Realm object model, you specify a set of of properties
to include in the schema. You can define properties with the following characteristics:

- Its data type
- If it is optional or required
- If it is a primary key
- If it is indexed

> - If the property defines a relationship to another Realm object type.

Reviewer: Our style guidance on punctuation in lists is a little oddly written, but I interpret this to mean either use no periods, or use periods after every list item - don't mix-and-match some with periods but others without: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/lists/#list-items

To learn more about property options when defining Realm objects,
refer to the following documentation:

- :ref:`Data Types <flutter-data-types>`
- :ref:`Relationships <flutter-client-relationships>`
- :ref:`Property Annotations <flutter-property-annotations>`

Updating a Realm Object Schema
------------------------------

> You can update your Realm Database schema overtime as your application changes.

Reviewer: "Overtime" = working more than some number of hours, "over time" = across a passage of time.
```suggestion
You can update your Realm Database schema over time as your application changes.
```

> Depending on the type of change you make to the schema, you must take different actions.

Reviewer: "...you must take different actions."

To - do what? This sentence is a bit unclear. Maybe we could reword to something like:

> The steps to update the schema and your data vary depending on the type of schema change.

Author: much improved! thx
